Osso drasser junta Marianna morgue. Opportunidad or maldisa industrial
do tourism in Portugal and to from sfalasore umpoc
the story the economy uh do tourism in Portugal
is jaguarre uh and uh and the mise stay
mun to deliver on liver minte civil less munt
by mint informative and muntoriga puru tering script.
Oh.
Messen converse Eric storm studios liber nationalism of world
historyertu noslaskiopens pureros vos liberte skin. Uh, NASALTU famski
uh national, uh, approprius stambaindu pet touristic perreumes passive
tru sound artificial de kilturrimplu uia traditional nupeis uh
uh osage uh uh a cul de So as
a govern a traves tourism transformal vender e eculum
terminal rat stipeizuke indumentaria traditional dumisio. Uh, SILOS of
mint travers tourism er Portugal.
MASS. INSTRUMENT. CONFLICT contrasts propaganda.
He considers a culturism certain form of spele differences
the class in Portugalising the form.
ECONOMIC segment and it's segment of sound tip your
five or not. SEGMENT. THE forms in a pharma
configure.
See they some touristic news premier vints and topics
uh in the. I comus vertis triangle the economy
of inrement the industrious agriculture uh my soris uh
the pharmac is resus corresponding house vertistriangle the economy
of equal as consequent as this.
THE industries competitive margin. THE and The. NO.
Luis Phillip Viere familiasumarealgus principazururi mbulia in Portugal nus
primes dose vintumikki.
FUNDAMENTAL. So. Portugal and Portugal default.
Uh, TO immobiliarid lush eps sever websis uh web
stable seriesatment umadivi and tourismu iwiibiliaid lush uh coerre
eps sever on the cabaumikuma.
THE parts. Florida. Yes. S.
Clark, uh, salari wahalas my startsfalaorisdut theregukie, uh, geralcriadriadna
industrial tourism, miss, uh, es, uh, secu com this,
uh, off record, uh, apart totoque nonfoi tend to,
uh, the tone for maza marian. uh uh STORY
of Portugal consider for you tempo in case sometivida
touristica miso soloro foulzanov was politique fonsprimel Fed stad
nou for news primer and vintungo for new poss
economics.
AND troika. FACTS. P. ALTERNATIVE. Portugal.
Portugal Portugal to kicks.
TRANSFORMATION appropriate form. A segment there's low costs um
permits at low cost. TRANSPORT. PERMIT. We. YOU know.
Uh, SING nomposisosui and principia and rimsprio pansmi Vluizar
ultravau miszundesissuzma mallavams, uh, er sound asmdiz la strida
imposta spelugu vermpasweu ntura the troik Vluizarrouzatti zimu viarizidsvalluizarro
travallisa kezobjeivus the t.
THE er um collapse. NO gold. PIPELINE. It. ECONOMIC
me. QUALIFIC permits no no no way uh he
pretend to not feel economic ways.
Uh, PRUDENT in comparison waterstividad's economics in Portugal eco
touristic notor space consider ecotourism proportional economy.
T. TO intensive. Kut a center fundamental mintment capacitas
meant to do diabetes you are meant to do
to the property lies on the fabric is the
losses. Cesar qualifices salad. YES. VIS.
Uh, SALE to miliquatri miser sentimente nadas. So illustrtius
tambine the infuscadabes mayor, the economy of together natividad
touristic or natividad the reionad per uh consumer to
consume for part of the tourists.
It. IN It. WEB summit infrastructure. And. YOU know.
SALS.
BECOMES a kia camerade Lisbo. SETS the euros for
a web summit web summit. Carlos the event event.
NO technologies sagnik transmitter is the key. Uh, MUNKS
mun libriom is nonregus boos in salarius bones, etc.
AND, uh, uh points uh clock is. Responsibly that
the milk.
SUMMIT. In particular. CONTINUOUS. YouTube. STRATEGIC. Marketing. Yes so
marketing potential fiku rio the uh the specimen strategic.
IN particular. LIE lie. Uh, uh, RENDING stizuti rial
mintcarim tras merriment sazuna stremament malpagus uh non bunfisi
so longzores travalliment and uh what in nurstara sound
uh to uh essing pensuki i uh penski the
main uh tamer fencer. Um, Mbeki, uh, tensiolar comunte
10 sound per uti trabalisreon in non soriar mare.
So. SIGNIFICANT not. SEGMENTS. PANICS. I lossal. TO. THE
Frank. A web summit super trendy news.
Uh, BUSFEARUMU mais the otters as pets do impact
to tourism impact to so, economic, uh, uh, ecological,
uh, collect the can will impact the tourism specific
meanness comunidadzlukaisna bit the sound in the kummerive prosimitat
er sound okmersive prosimitat specific emento at the tenuvis
to in terms of sense, uh, reputaging is not
to be sound. Uh, A cirque ducomu lisbo and
Newport notluaisis, uh, lodges pinon debus skates cafesin papel
inclusive sal navismunzukaisais then the so vivios virus or
in the prosimidat enter to physio comprado. STORS could
renders absurds who who's the lodges or who's done
is he skis to muntu negative.
Oh no. SEGMENT. FAMILIA. No. Portugal in Barcelona in
Madrid's obvious. AND collapse. SO Disneyland. Say, say I
didn't see that same source.
Uh, ANTI-IMMIGRA. Pezuke puri allujamentallujamentzignat tourism a time in
um naristabita sound encompare sound pursum to the immigra
sound we sarako pez.
No. IMMIGRANT. NO No. Uh. Uh, uh, GUB gubal
story qual in situ some factors the sur the
spills touristic extension contrasts ski.
Uh, YOUR mental impact tech logic EMB and taldo
tourism perkisteal tame muntevisus skesemsfaar and flems of tourism
we, uh, actually they, uh, muntu I think less.
Uh, GLOBAL is a sound, he, he quizzes a
sin, uh, pinto ume imaging muntbunito tourism vehement to
tourism things so pets poss qua quale impact to
ecology we ambiento.
WE permit. SIGNIFICANT.
Uh, KIKIASHEKI tourism sdiza circuit kwe econ e and
the other purilits financiers ipoliti per klarteamuntu esta ide
vinda the direment stremadi the so is ia is
liberal in particular. OTHERS in the phantasma the savis
curios disrespect to our tourism uh can resemble the
economy of plenty other is a contests.
It was just extraordinary transport. LIBERALISM. What economic. So.
THE That Roderick. TO ignorant.
Uh, THE phenomuza shemadi over tourism and Portuguese ria
tourism, uh, purque uhardoglobu, uh, javimpri manifestos in Barcelona,
Inverness, uh, Namaltenu Japan in Tokyocomo sigintu. CONTEST Japan
ex part the tourism or tourism rescations inclusive uh
alica pits. Ec. ETC. um, U u kias sobris,
uh, uh, the tourism dese problem i escas a
bit zuka and touristic consider other stand buying plenium
to the economy uh uh gre in turn the
industrial tourism or
no. Portugal vulgar. To and. And. M. In. THE
significant. THAN that. So. FACT.
TOURISM versa. OUR tourism uh etique asserted so tourism
uh waters um so uh ustrista lavato comprehend tubuni
cents. ECONOMY. PRECARIOUS principal principal. SUPPORT. BONES cosmopolitanism. TOURISM.
Plot traffic supports a lingual. To to um It's
it's thank you. Thank you in Portugal in Portugal
tweeted. No. IMMIGRANTS. I. SAD.
Uh, KUMIKO kabam's falaour tourism, uh, kundekiashekitevote exploring vas
liquezrustrioza tourism soave zik tip purstrio in specific event.
It. As the urbans. AND nonsense. TOURISM now. THE
mechanism.
Put to concluso pur uh opportunidadoala a tourism in
Portugaltensiveaunidadmaldisa we consider rechaturisms in Portugal.
FOR Then we fight.
Mintu mazumeves opportunitato industrial tourism in Portugal the sharron
links sound intruviste reso indicarasos era si.
Uh, SEE compre livre.
INCLUSIVE scoring the kiss basin. Hi guys, thank you
for watching this interview until the end. If you
liked it, please share it, leave a like and
hit the subscription button. The show is brought to
you by Enlights Learning and Development done differently. Check
their website at enlights.com and also please consider supporting
the show on Patreon or PayPal. I would also
like to give a huge thank you to my
main patrons and PayPal supporters, Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller,
Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf, Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew
Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolf, Tim Hollis, Eric Elena, John Connors,
Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri Robert Windegerru Inai Zu
Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor, Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea,
Francis Forti Agnun, Sverggoo, and Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan
Labrarith, John Yardston, and Samuel Curric Hines, Mark Smith,
John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla
Dezara Romain Roach, Diego Londono Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani,
Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison,
Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John
Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry,
Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel P Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary
Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith, and Wisman. Daniel Friedman,
William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanous,
Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David Williams, Di Acosta, Anton
Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier,
Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri,
Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon,
Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke
Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki,
Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine
Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam
Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula
Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin,
and Jos Necht. A special thanks to my producers
Iar Webb, Jim Frank, Lucas Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine
Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick
Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro, Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick
Golden, and to my executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio
Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank you for all.